hello everyone with you meteor and this
training video for all known not
variations of a coffin well, or a hatchet
element on the turnstile let's see
and so the first failing exercise
who needs to learn it here pronose
feet for what it is needed for different
cases at least in order to be able to
throw yourself further try to throw
under the knee on the horizontal bar and let go hands
if terrible started for safety net
with hands like for example here
to feel the beauty of it
of the moment
head to you will have to blush terribly
it is worth the next moment it is already
a slight buildup on his knees and here
learn to let go so much
painted a little
Scary at first of course can be
without this element is not like on the sly
increase the amplitude of rotation here
saw myself backing it up
don't go too far that if you won't
configured to make chapters you can just
fall under your neck if you already feel
what are ready to do if places but afraid
You can easily do this by
on uchke insurance feel that here
map they in contour niki do so here
chip that is to caress me, he suffered
throws me up with my muscular strength
up this is just done go here for
man's forehead, keep him here washed
muscular strength you raise it
and he lands even sometimes
twist people like that so not
be afraid to do business
but
like from sitting to learn
this simple chip
kneel down as much as possible
lean back at first you can
I can make an element
understood the technique of forgiveness and in the same way
as on the normal coffin coffin in
the difference
done exactly the same way first let go
one leg let's say left then right
goes dogonochku element is not particularly difficult
2 physical sensation of doing it even
lighter than standard time two three 4 5
six coffins with half-screw can do
interception
he is easily landing
element is just another thing that
I like very much this media repair
a lot of adrenaline is very dynamic a
Now let 's look at the details or
element consists of two parts first
the monkey 2 then no sister coffin
who are there time you have to learn
wear a monkey do on a small fence
first on accuracy based on everything
little by little if there is such a new fence
house learn the next topic main
the moment that needs to be understood
use of inertia but here's a wave
max back the main mistake that
some try to make straight
kicking at the expense of strength and make it very
very problematic so here
use inertia to the maximum here and
back up
So
repeat until you are sure
sauce can get up without safety net
these places are also very difficult
order
from even different position sharply
straighten your legs as if with both
kicking want someone to hit very much
strongly and finally the most difficult variation
who can do it with a mouth full of crab
then the moment to start
twist
here two times
three here is such a twist under 45 degrees and
it turns out it is not much more complicated than
normal turn recommend it
either on the mats or in the winter I personally studied
in the winter
the point is to correctly catch the moment
when you need to unwind correctly
twist and put your feet on
cotton is the moment you need
it is necessary to lower the legs simultaneously with
this begins the twist here two times here
something like this it looks above all
feet let go get out stronger than
regular lesson
sense to distribute your knees as well as
hands spin
can with straight arms can spin them
a little harder to press the body but
not completely different so not so much
good pay